Update release process and procedure documentation (#628)
napari/docs: docs/developers/coredev/release.md

# Release guide

This guide documents `napari`'s release process as of 0.6.0.
Most required tools mentioned here are in https://github.com/napari/napari-release-tools.

## Timeline

Currently, we are releasing a major version every six to twelve months.

> We plan minor napari version releases every 3 months.

Reviewer: What is considered major/minor? 0.6.0 is pretty major...

Author: Given how we have been doing releases, 0.6.0 would be a major version though it doesn't strictly follow sematic versioning. 0.6.1 would be a minor version.

Reviewer 2: I don't think every 3 months is accurate for minor versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, we are releasing a major version every six to twelve months.
We plan minor napari version releases every 1-2 months.
```

We will ship bug fix releases as needed.

Prior to major and minor releases, we will have a release testing cycle with
alpha prereleases and release candidates. All will be made available to the
community for testing. The length of time between these prereleases will
depend on the size of the release and feedback received. A conservative estimate
is one week between each prerelease.

The latest prerelease (alpha or release candidate) can be installed with:

> `python -m pip install --pre napari`

Reviewer: The command can be problematic, because it installs all dependencies as `--pre` as well, which can lead to errors, see https://github.com/napari/napari/issues/7707#issuecomment-2726906221

I think it's worth adding a note here.

Reviewer: See below

`uv pip install --pre napari`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::{important}
Note: the `--pre` in the above commands will install prereleases of napari and all dependencies! This may result in errors or warnings. If this happens, you can instead install napari without `--pre`, but instead specify `a0` in the installation. For example, for a prerelease of a hypothetical `1.0.0` version of napari, you would install `"napari>=1.0.0a0"`. Replace `1.0.0` with the actual version you are interested in.
:::

```
